---
title: "Fault Tolerant Control of a quadrotor under actuator failures"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate Research"
permalink: /teaching/2018-01-15-FTC-Quad
venue: "National Cheng Kung Univeristy (NCKU), Intelligent Embedded Control (IEC) Lab, Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics"
date: 2018-01-15
location: "Tainan, Taiwan"
---

<!-- [More information here](http://exampleurl.com)

This is a description of your tutorial, note the different field in type. This is a markdown files that can be all markdown-ified like any other post. Yay markdown! -->


The objective is to design a flight control algorithm for a quadrotor and study further how to recover control in the presence of single rotor loss. The error transformation and reconfiguration techniques combined with sacrificing yaw control are applied to realize fault-tolerant control under actuator failures. The input saturation is not considered in our case. This project is mainly hosted by Prof. Chao-Chung Peng, the director of Intelligence Embedded Control Laboratory (IEC-Lab) in Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics, National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan. It was also a part of collaboration with the Industrial Technology Research Institute, a technology research and development institute in Taiwan.

Advisor: [Chao-Chung Peng](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=YzN8zoUAAAAJ&hl=en)
<p align="center">
<iframe width="680" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kR5VIGB4Mvk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</p>


## Related Publication
Lien, Y.-H.; Peng, C.-C.; Chen, Y.-H. Adaptive Observer-Based Fault Detection and Fault-Tolerant Control of Quadrotors under Rotor Failure Conditions. Appl. Sci. 2020, 10, 3503. [[Paper Link]](https://doi.org/10.3390/app10103503)

## Conclusion
From the above video, we can find that the quadrotor is able to track desired trajectory when fault-tolerance control is engaged. The yaw control is sacrificed to maintain the controllability of x, y, and z directions. In this project, I was mainly charge of testing flight simulator, collecting data, and presenting our research results to collaborators every week.
